Add ibm_is_vpc_dashboard. Closes #6 (#17)
turbot/steampipe-mod-ibm-insights: dashboards/network/docs/vpc_detail.md

This dashboard answers the following questions for each VPC:

- How is the VPC configured?
- What tags are applied?
- What are the address prefixes assigned to?
- What are the subnets attached to?
- what are the cloud service endpoint source addresses?

> - How default route table, security group and NACLs are configured?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- How default route table, security group and network ACLs are configured?
```
https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/vpc?topic=vpc-using-acls
